[8.6]  New page for environment variable capture (#2802)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/environment-variable-capture.asciidoc

[[environment-variable-capture]]

> == Environment variable capture

Reviewer: To match typical format for procedural topics like this:
```suggestion
== Capture environment variables
```

.Requirements
[sidebar]
--
* This feature requires {stack} version 8.6 or higher.
* In {stack} version 8.6, this feature is only available for Linux.
--

> You can configure an {agent} policy to capture up to five environment variables ("env vars"). Captured env vars are associated with process events and recorded in the `process.env_vars` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure an {agent} policy to capture up to five environment variables (`env vars`). Captured environment variables are associated with process events and recorded in the `process.env_vars` field.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm fairly certain we style environment variable field using the code font style. Also suggested using the full term in the second sentence for clarity.

> NOTE: Env var names must be 63 characters or fewer, and env var values must be 1023 characters or fewer. Values outside these limits are silently ignored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Environment variable names must be 63 characters or fewer, and environment variable values must be 1023 characters or fewer. Values outside these limits are silently ignored.
```

> NOTE: Env var names must be 63 characters or fewer, and env var values must be 1023 characters or fewer. Values outside these limits are silently ignored.

Reviewer: Maybe combine these notes, since they're both about env var limitations (see my comment at the end of the file):
```suggestion
[NOTE]
--
* Env var names must be 63 characters or fewer, and env var values must be 1023 characters or fewer. Values outside these limits are silently ignored.

* Env var names are case sensitive in Linux.
--
```

> === Setup

Reviewer: This subheading doesn't seem necessary for a short, focused page that only has one procedure in it. But ignore this if the page is likely to expand soon with more subsections.

> To set up environment variable capture for an agent policy:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up environment variable capture for an {agent} policy:
```

> . Go to **Manage -> Policies**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Go to **Manage -> Policies**.
```

> . Select an {agent} policy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select an {agent} policy.
```

> . Click *Show advanced settings*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Show advanced settings*.
```

> . Scroll down or search for `linux.advanced.capture_env_vars`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Scroll down or search for `linux.advanced.capture_env_vars`.
```

> . Enter the names of env vars you wish to capture, separated by commas. For example: `PATH,LD_PRELOAD,USER`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enter the names of env vars you want to capture, separated by commas. For example: `PATH,LD_PRELOAD,USER`
```

> . Go to **Manage -> Policies**
> . Select an {agent} policy
> . Click *Show advanced settings*
> . Scroll down or search for `linux.advanced.capture_env_vars`
> . Enter the names of env vars you wish to capture, separated by commas. For example: `PATH,LD_PRELOAD,USER`
> . Click *Save* at the bottom of the page

Reviewer: Adding periods for the steps, since they're complete sentences:
```suggestion
. Go to **Manage -> Policies**.
. Select an {agent} policy.
. Click *Show advanced settings*.
. Scroll down or search for `linux.advanced.capture_env_vars`.
. Enter the names of env vars you wish to capture, separated by commas. For example: `PATH,LD_PRELOAD,USER`.
. Click *Save* at the bottom of the page.
```

> . Click *Save* at the bottom of the page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Save*.
```

Reviewer 2: Probably don't need to orient users towards the bottom of the page since the button appears regardless of where they are in the policy settings page.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/env-var-capture.png[The "linux.advanced.capture_env_vars" advanced agent policy setting]

> NOTE: Env var names are case sensitive in Linux.

Reviewer: This info might be helpful upfront, instead of buried at the end. Maybe combine with the other note above about character limits?

> NOTE: Env var names are case sensitive in Linux.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Environment variable names are case sensitive in Linux.
```

[[environment-variable-capture]]

== Capture environment variables

.Requirements
[sidebar]
--
* This feature requires {stack} version 8.6 or higher.
* In {stack} version 8.6, this feature is only available for Linux.
--

You can configure an {agent} policy to capture up to five environment variables (`env vars`). Captured environment variables are associated with process events and recorded in the `process.env_vars` field.

[NOTE]
--

> * Env var names must be 63 characters or fewer, and env var values must be 1023 characters or fewer. Values outside these limits are silently ignored.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Env var names must be no more than 63 characters, and env var values must be no more than 1023 characters. Values outside these limits are silently ignored.
```
